Replace dgraph-io/badger cache storage with etcd-io/bbolt (#42571)
elastic/beats: CHANGELOG.next.asciidoc

- Add linux capabilities to processes in the system/process. {pull}37453[37453]
- Add process.entity_id, process.group.name and process.group.id in add_process_metadata processor. Make fim module with kprobes backend to always add an appropriately configured add_process_metadata processor to enrich file events {pull}38776[38776]
- Split module/system/process into common and provider bits. {pull}41868[41868]

> - Switch persistent storage from dgraph-io/badger to etcd-io/bbolt in x-pack/libbeat/persistentcache/persistentcache.go. This change impacts only Cloudfoundry-related functionality. After updating to this version, caches will be regenerated, potentially resulting in numerous calls to the Cloudfoundry API. {pull}42571[42571]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch persistent storage from dgraph-io/badger to etcd-io/bbolt in x-pack/libbeat/persistentcache/persistentcache.go. This change impacts only the `add_cloudfoundry_metadata` processor. After updating to this version, its caches will be regenerated, potentially resulting in numerous calls to the Cloudfoundry API. {pull}42571[42571]
```

> - Switch persistent storage from dgraph-io/badger to etcd-io/bbolt in x-pack/libbeat/persistentcache/persistentcache.go. This change impacts only Cloudfoundry-related functionality. After updating to this version, caches will be regenerated, potentially resulting in numerous calls to the Cloudfoundry API. {pull}42571[42571]

Reviewer: This applies to all beats, not only auditbeat.

Author: oops... moved the entry to the correct section
